SEO: reword introduction paragraph into descriptions - Part 3 (#422)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/prismic/index.md

---
id: prismic-overview
title: Overview

> description: The Front-Commerce Prismic module brings support for the headless CMS Prismic to Front-Commerce. It allows to expose content coming from a Prismic repository in your GraphQL API and create relationships with data from other systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Front-Commerce Prismic module brings support for the headless CMS Prismic to Front-Commerce. It allows exposing content coming from a Prismic repository in your GraphQL API and creates relationships with data from other systems.
```

---

> Using [Prismic](https://prismic.io/) features in a Front-Commerce project will require different type of work depending on how you plan to integrate it. We tried to summarize the most common use cases here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [Prismic](https://prismic.io/) features in a Front-Commerce project will require different types of work depending on how you plan to integrate it. We tried to summarize the most common use cases here.
```
